Fix GPU indexing flat fields (#4090)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/fields.md

# Fields basics

`Field`s and its relatives are core Oceananigans data structures.

> `Field`s are more or less arrays of _three dimensional_ `data` located on a `grid`, whose entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Field`s are arrays of `data` located on a `grid`, whose entries
```

    └── max=19.5, min=1.5, mean=10.5
```

!!! note

>     Despite we `set` a `Field` with reduced arguments in the `Flat` directions, a `Field` remains 
>     intrinsically a three-dimensional object as it maps to a three-dimensional data structure. 
>     For this reason a `Field` must be always indexed by providing all three indices `i, j, k`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Even on grids with `Flat` directions, `Field`s are always represented with three-dimensional
        arrays.  As a result, `Field`s are indexed with three indices `i, j, k`, with `Flat` directions indexed with `1`.
```
